
CUSTOMIZING REECE-CALENDAR

1) Stand Alone VS Integrating into your site

	First, please notice the "CAL_STAND_ALONE" parameter in the config.php file.

	*If your calendar is a stand alone website, set this to TRUE.
	*If your calendar is integrated within another website, set it to FALSE.
	
	If integrating, reece-calendar does not write out <html> and <body> tags, or the <head> section.
	To integrate, simply include the /index.php file where you want the calendar written in your site.

	Please also note that in "integrated" mode, it will read the css and javascript files 
	and then write them out inside <style> and <script> tags instead of linking to the file normally.  
	This is to make sure it loads the CSS properly in case you are fetching the entire calendar html 
	using HTTPXMLRequest() and then insert it into your site with innerHTML like I do 
	(only way I could get it to work correclty in all browsers). 
	 
	If you are integrating it into your site, you can also manually disable where it writes the 
	css and javascript, and instead link to the files in your site's main header.  To do that, 
	simply find the header code in the cal_top() function in functions.php

2) Skinning your Calendar (ouch!)

	There are currently only two skins available:
	*default - I made this one
	*redskin - color scheme designed by a user
	 
	You can find the skins in /skins/*.css

	To create new skins, simply copy a css file and change the colors and other CSS properties that you 
	wish and then save the file back as something else.  For instance, if you copied default.css and 
	saved it as yellowflowers.css, "yellowflowers" would become an option in the drop down menu 
	when selecting the skin in the admin section.

3) Language Support (finally!)

	I finished offloading all text into a seperate language file.

	The languages work the same as the skins, just copy the lanuage file, name it to 
	what you want, and translate the text in it.  All php files in the languages directory 
	are options in the language drop down menu in the admin section (this is new).

	Please note that with the language files, they *must* have the ".php" extension.  
	To change that, you would have to change where I include the file in index.php
	
	Right now, only english is available.  If you translate it, please email me the 
	file and post it on the project's forum at sourceforge so others can use it 
	in the meantime since it might be a while before the next release when I package it.
	
	If you do make your file available, be sure to put a license notice at the top of the 
	file to avoid any copyright issues (I prefer GPL, but it's your call).

	
Thats it, enjoy :)


